feat: update transform test script to update ManagedPolicyArn with partion (#2660)
aws/serverless-application-model: DEVELOPMENT_GUIDE.md

python3 bin/add_transform_test.py --template-file template.yaml --disable-api-configuration
```

> The script will update the partition of arn based on the output path. To disable updating the partition of arn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script automatically updates hardcoded ARN partitions to match the output partition. To disable this, use:
```
